1. Take a look at the getSetData function in the TopShot smart contract found here. Find a different line in that contract that calls the function, and explain why it is beneficial that the function returns an optional rather than panicking.

* The <code>getSetData</code> function is called in the <code>isEditionRetired</code> function later on (line #1433) where TopShot developers actually use this concept as a boolean value using the fact that, in Cadence, <code>nil == false</code> and the inverse also holds, i.e., anything not nil == true.
The first line inside of that function sets a <code>setdata</code> variable to the output of the <code>getSetData</code> function (let setdata = self.getSetData(setID: setID), where setID is an input in the upper function). If the function returns anything other than a nil, the expression evaluates to <code>true</code> and the if resolves by invoking a function of the setdata obtained, something that could only work if the variable != nil.
Otherwise if a nil is returned, the expression evaluates to false and the corresponding else executes instead (which actually returns a nil). But in this particular case, the return of a nil from the <code>getSetData</code> does not triggers a panic or throws an error.

2. Find a contract on Mainnet that has a getter function that returns an optional type. Explain the benefit of having it written that way. Make sure to paste the link and line #.

I found a similar example in mainnet's Flovatar contract <a href=https://flow-view-source.com/mainnet/account/0x921ea449dffec68a/contract/Flovatar>here</a>. This contract defines a <code>getAccessory()</code> function that returns a <code>UInt64?</code> (on line #242) and then this function is used later on, in line #369 as part of the getSvg() function, to set the Boolean result of an <code>if</code> statement just like in the TopShot contract above. In this particular case the panic/error is avoided by setting the function call in the <code>if</code> and ignoring the corresponding <code>else</code>. If the call evaluates to a UInt64, the variable <code>accessory</code> is set to a proper UInt64 and later on used as argument in another function call inside that <code>if</code> statement. If a nil is return instead, nothing happens. The contract simply moves to the next instruction.